well let's take you back to those live
pictures that we've been getting in from
Southern Gaza as you can see people are
still reeling there in the aftermath of
what's believed to be an Israeli air
strike on a hospital now I'm hearing
that hundreds of people are believed to
have been Sheltering in the backyard of
that hospital we know obviously 1.1
million people were forced to leave
Northern Gaza or ordered to evacuate a
large number of them moved South they've
been taking shelter wherever they can
find Space hospitals in unra the the UN
agency there their schools which were
also hit we know this evening now in the
last few minutes we've watched a number
of shelters with Wounded people going
past we know that there are children
we've been seeing them on our screens we
also know that a Doctor Who's just been
speaking there says that he believes
that this hospital was deliberately
targeted as I was saying earlier
hundreds of people Sheltering there at
that hospital and obviously we we don't
have any word yet on any kind of
casualty toll we'll bring that to you as
and when we get it let's bring in our
correspondent Tark Abu AUM he's on the
ground there for us in southern Gaza
he's in the town of Khan unun TK I know
this is possibly very shocking for many
of our viewers but I can't imagine this
is very shocking to you after what
you've been experiencing over the last
few
nights well uh after just before a
couple of uh minutes uh has been a huge
bombardment took place in Al Arab Ali
Hospital which called Al madani Hospital
central the Gaza Strip This hospital is
located in the central of the Gaza Strip
which contains hundreds and thousands of
Palestinians who have been injured
during the isra dur the Israeli ongoing
strikes on The besieged Enclave
meanwhile this hospital is crowded with
civilians to till this current moment
hundreds of wounded people and victims
are reaching the hospitals the hos the
Al Arab hospital is similar to the place
that we are right now in where people
are gathering everywhere so it seems
that this hospital has been uh bombarded
without any prior warning causing severe
destruction inside the hospital which uh
prevent the hospital from continuing and
briding medical services for thousands
of people there and it's important also
to mention that this place is full of
residential buildings and commercial
shops in the surrounding areas a true
Massa took place in that building where
till this current moment ambulances are
evacuating injured people
uh T I believe that we're hearing that
hundreds are now feared dead after this
air strike given the number of people
who were Sheltering in the area of that
hospital I just saw a woman and and a
young girl in in a corner of that of
that live footage that we're getting can
you give us a sense of the the kinds of
people that we're seeing take shelter in
places like this at the
moment well uh in Al madani Hospital in
the Arab a hospital a lot of people
thousands of people really display the
houses from the Northern areas of the
Gaza Strip they move forward to Central
areas because they don't have any
further place to hide in uh they thought
that this place is going to be safe
shelter for them but meanwhile it has
been targeted by the Israeli aircraft
without any prior warning uh the the the
deliberate uh targeting of civilians
really led to a very great jump in terms
of the death toll uh the death toll
number that till this current moment the
ministry the Palestinian Ministry of
Health in Gaza is working on ID
identifying the number of victims in
order to be released after just uh after
just an hour from now so the the surging
number of victims and air strikes also
is unprecedented due to the Israeli
ongoing strikes as you can clearly hear
right now there is an ulence is right to
is about to enter the hospital carrying
out a lot of victims you'll right now
see it in the background even the
southern areas of the Gaza trip were
heavily bombarded from the Israeli uh
different kinds of artillery and
aircraft the uh the the current
situation the Gaza Strip is really
massively uh deteriorating people are
not really uh able to keep C on the
current situation as the is the Israeli
compartment continue without making any
discrimination without making any
differentiation between civilians that
are trying to attack civilians the the
majority of uh the victims were young
children and women uh T indeed we we
just saw a very young boy with a very
blooded head um pass in front of the
camera there and I do want to apologize
to our viewers and some of you may find
these very shocking images disturbing
this is obviously a live feed that we're
getting right now from Southern Gaza so
you're seeing things as we get them here
on Al jazer tar we also have had word
that an unra school that was also
Sheltering many many families was also
hit and obviously these are schools that
have taken in people who've been
evacuated from elsewhere do we know yet
whether they received any kind of
warning I understand six people were
killed
there
well uh even uh the school affiliated to
the United Nations uh was bombarded
without any prior warning this facility
is related to the United Nation that
must be protected by the principle of
the international law meanwhile this uh
this school has been bombarded by an air
strike where six Palestinians were
killed due to this attack now
bombardment is everywhere inside the
Gaza Strip people are rushing to uh to
be safe from the uh from the Israeli
Bart meanwhile every single corner and
the Gaza Strip get bombarded without any
kind of a prior warning civilians are
falling right now inside the Gaza Strip
the Palestinian Ministry of Health is
trying to do her its best in order to
keep providing Services due to the great
shortage of uh fuel uh a lot of a lot of
facilities are related and affiliat to
the Palestinian Ministry of Health has
been bombarded by the Israeli ongoing
strikes we are talking about five
hospitals were evacu were threatened
with evacuation while its Medical Teams
refused the Israeli orders to evacuate
in order to be able to continue uh its
services as you can clearly right now
see uh the Israeli the Palestinian
ambulances vehicles are trying uh their
best in order to evacuate uh victims the
surrounding areas of the hospitals are
crowded of people the number of victims
is increasing and uh the the state of
emergency in inside the palestinia
territory of Gaza is really escalating
right now T we are indeed watching more
of the injured moving through that
hospital I am hearing now that it's
believed that it wasn't just hundreds
but thousands of people were Sheltering
at that hospital T when we spoke last
you and I were talking about the um the
medical supplies that are available to
these hospitals obviously they've been
running short you said that fuel has
obviously also been running short do we
have any sense of how long fuel might
last we can see that the lights are
still on at this hospital but how long
is that potentially going to
continue well there is not any further
confirmation about the long the the
duration of time that the the fuel will
uh remain but might be run out within
the coming hours due to the uh press
release that had been stated by the
Palestinian minister of health warning
that it's uh its uh storage of fuel will
run out within the coming hours it means
that the situation in the Gaza Strip the
medical situation in the Gaza Strip had
reached critical level that the even the
medical uh abilities the medical
services might not be able to be
provided to local Palestinians if this
uh great crisis and the great shortage
of medical supplies continues and the
now the the number of Palestinian
victims is really incredibly uh is
increasing and you are talking about
more than nine hospitals are trying to
do their best due to the Israeli
shortage of medical supplies they are
trying to provide them with the
treatment meanwhile different
pharmaceutical warehouses were destroyed
by the Israeli compartment also a lot of
Medical Teams uh a lot of Medical Teams
workers families were bombarded and even
were killed by the Israeli ongoing
strikes so the situation now inside the
Gaza Strip is massively turned into
chaot chaotic situation where victims
are falling everywhere we are waiting as
Palestinians we are waiting for further
intervention to to to protect
Palestinians well if you've just joined
us here on alaz you are
watching well explosions Rockets or
lights we're not sure exactly what that
is but that is above the Gaza Strip
those are live pictures from the Gaza
Strip as you can see it's a very very
dark Gaza Strip electricity food and
fuel have been cut off we know that in
the last couple of hours a number of
Civilian targets have been hit whether
or not they were targeted they have been
hit a hospital there as you can see has
been hit We Believe thousands of people
were were Sheltering in the backyard of
that hospital facility we also know that
unra that's the UN relief from Works
agency that looks after Palestinian
refugees also says that one of its
schools which was acting as a shelter
was hit and six people were killed well
it is now just after
1,700
GMT and you're watching live coverage
here on Al jazer of the Israeli Gaza War
well let's go back to our correspondent
tar Abu AUM he's on the ground there for
us in southern Gaza tar just reminding
some of our viewers who might only be
joining us here at the top of the hour
what they are seeing on their screens is
the aftermath of an Israeli air strike
on a hospital in southern Gaza and
that's something that has been happening
numerous times over the course of the
last few
days well uh the Israeli bombart on the
Gaza Strip continues and knew masaka had
be committed in central areas of the
Gaza Strip in Al Arab Hospital which
called Al madani hospital this hospital
is located Central the Gaza Strip
according to the Palestinian Ministry of
Health right now inside the Gaza Strip
the number of death total has been uh
run Rising sharply uh due to the Israeli
ongoing strikes around from 200 to 30
Palestinians have been killed due to the
Israel strikes those Palestinians have
been killed without any prior warning
the situation in Gaza Strip is really
catastrophic buildings have been
destroyed roads have been destroyed
civil infrastructure also destroyed
victims are Fallen everywhere there is
no any safe place inside the Gaza Strip
journalists were targeted hospitals also
have been bombarded by the Israeli
occupation forces without having any
kind of a prior warning ambulance are
rushing around the clock in order to
evacuate victims in these areas it's
also important to mention that till this
current moment the evacuation process of
those victims inside Central the Gaza
Strip in Arab AI hospital is still going
uh very low pressure on the hospital
capabilities specifically in a shaat
hospital they are now trying to do as
much as they can in order to keep
providing treatment for those victims
but it's also important to mention that
people were residing in the complex area
uh in inside the alarab hospital uh
generally even similar to the conditions
in every single Hospital inside the Gaza
Strip a shifat hospital also is crowded
with people more than 30,000
Palestinians are residing in the
surrounding areas of the complex it
seems that the situation in the Gaza
Strip is really getting such a huge
deterioration uh without Palestinian
minister of Health are appealing is
appealing to the International Community
to open humanitarian corridors in order
to aide medical help for Palestinians in
order to be able to to complete the work
in providing a treatment for thousands
of Palestinians uh who are in from time
to another I just want here to take a
moment to apologize to our viewers you
are obviously watching a live feed from
Gaza right now there are potentially
some very disturbing images on your
screen that will pass from time to time
obviously these are shocking images this
is the aftermath of an air strike on a
hospital where it's believ thousands of
people were Sheltering T you were
telling me just moments ago that this is
a hospital that's in a in a residential
neighborhood and there was absolutely no
sense that this might happen there was
no warning
given uh um again please I cannot hear
you I I was just I'm sorry and I I
appreciate that you you yourself are
surrounded by sirens and ambulances
right now TK I was just asking about
whether any warning was given about
these air
strikes well uh there is a new
compartment took place even in khuna
city where I'm I'm standing right now
it's closed to the hospital by the way
uh medical ambulances vehicles are
rushing in order to EV uate victims from
these targeted areas they are just
moving uh with high very high speed in
order to rescue them from being uh from
being uh killed uh even from time to
another different injuries have been uh
reached to the hospital here also this
hospital is uh similar to the Arab a
hospital which is full of people now we
are talking about a lot of gatherings
are s are standing around us right now
just following the live they are just
following the situation they are afraid
of being targeted also uh this great
sense of fear has been broen to the
hearts and minds of all Palestinians in
different areas inside the Gaza Strip
even hospitals are not yet protected
from the Israeli ongoing compartment uh
the Gaza Strip conditions are really
witnessing a huge iteration uh there
must be very urgent uh let's say
International intervention in order to
protect Palestinians and even to provide
them with with humanitarian Aid in order
to be able to to cope with the current
uh situation T just in the last few
minutes we've watched two very very
small children on our screen one being
held by an an older woman and another
injured um very little person move
across our screen we know that there
were families who were Sheltering in
this area and now we are hearing from a
health spokesman in Gaza initial
estimates suggest that between 200 and
300 people were killed in this bombing
you were also talking to us a bit
earlier T about the supplies that
hospitals have at the moment to to deal
with this this is AAL hospital that was
acting not only as a hospital but as a
shelter now they're not only dealing
with injuries that of the people who
were there but also of the injured who
are coming into the hospital seeking
care can you give us a sense of what the
facilities are like and what what kinds
of capabilities they have to deal with
the sheer number of people who need help
right
now well the situation right now is
really catastrophic ambulances car are
trying as much as possible to evacuate
our victims there is an increasing
number of victims falling in different
areas in the Gaza Strip we are talking
about different compartments talk place
in Central Gaza in inun City Medical
Teams are rushing in order to evacuate
them from the bombardment till this
current moment there are still people
under the rles of the destroyed houses
and buildings you are talking about
Collective punishment for Palestinians
hundreds of massacres have been
committed during uh the the early
beginning of this round of fighting
between the Palestinian Fighters and the
isra occupation forces even though
civilians are not yet protected by the
principles of the international law uh
the the the the current situation now is
really terrifying we are talking about
hundreds and thousands of uh young
children and women are killed by the
Israeli ongoing strikes uh those uh
children uh they did not really have any
gu in terms of what's happening in the
ground they were targeted without having
any prior warning to evacuate the
buildings meanwhile the majority of
families they have evacuated from the
northern and Central areas of the Gaza
Strip they mooved to to the southern
areas meanwhile in the southern areas
the level of bombardment is similar to
the uh Northern and Central areas of the
Gaza Strip so clearly there is no any
safe place inside the Gaza Strip and the
ongoing Israeli attacks T I just want to
remind our viewers who might just be
joining us now that Israeli air strikes
have now killed more than 3,000
Palestinians since this conflict began
now one and three of them are children
that's more than a thousand of them
killed in 10 days according to the Gaza
Ministry of Health and we know that at
least six people have also been killed
in an Israeli air strike that hit as we
were talking about that school run by
the UN the un's Palestinian refugee
agency that was also acting as a shelter
and that took place in a Gaza refugee
camp now the number of Israelis killed
in hamas's military operation stands at
1,400 including 302 soldiers just going
back to that Palestinian death toall
that 3,000 number was before this attack
we are hearing that hundreds of people
two to 300 people could have been killed
in this bombing on this hospital um tar
we've been talking about people trying
to evacuate trying to find safety
obviously 1.1 million people were given
an evacuation order from Gaza City from
northern Gaza and they've tried well a
large number of them have tried to head
south can you give us a sense of what
the situation is like now in in the
shelters are people finding anywhere to
go anywhere that they believe is
[Music]
safe well um the current situation right
now as it can clearly see there are lot
of gatherings uh of people around us
even in the displaced areas they have
been displaced from the houses they went
to hospitals in order to be safe and
even to the United Nations of schools uh
today six Palestinians have been killed
due to the Israeli compartment of a
United Nations Affiliated School in al-
magazi refugee camp uh this school has
been targeted without prayer warning
claiming the life uh claiming the life
of six Palestinians now these kinds of
violations of the Israeli violations
continue uh against civilians inside the
G trip uh schools hospitals uh Medical
Teams journalists and every single class
of the Palestinian Community has been
targeted uh well there is no any safe
place inside the Gaza Strip This densely
populated area has been largely
bombarded during uh the early beginning
of this round of fighting people just
are afraid of losing their Liv they are
very frustrated tired they are just uh
waiting for a solution or a cease fire
in order to uh to breathe from the
Israeli ongoing strikes the the the
level of bombardment inside the G St is
unimaginable it's incredible uh no one
can really imagine how gazans are still
tolerating the current situation they
are trying even to uh to to beer up with
the current situation by using their
determination and even despite the fact
that they have lost a lot of their
family members every single house inside
the Gaza Strip now has an a wounded
person even sometimes they have a victim
due to the Israeli ongoing strikes T Abu
AUM there for us in Kan unes in southern
Gaza well if you are just joining us
here on Al jazer let let me tell you
what you're watching these are live
pictures from a hospital in southern
Central Gaza and this is the aftermath
of an Israeli air strike we've seen
families go past Fair number of children
a large number of injured people being
taken past us in
strollers we believe that hundreds of
families so potentially thousands of
people were Sheltering in the backyard
of that hospital after being forced to
evacuate other parts of the Gaza Strip
and we are hearing from um a Gaza Health
Ministry spokesperson that they believe
between two and 300 people were killed
and and again if you are watching these
shocking pictures um I do apologize if
you are upset by any of them this is a
live feed now that we are getting from
Gaza